docs(byoc): note tenant-id workaround for Azure consent link (#2898)
estuary/flow: site/docs/private-byoc/byoc-deployments/azure-byoc.md

If the application subscription process is successful, you will be redirected back to Estuary's homepage. You can confirm that the OAuth flow succeeded if there is a `code` query parameter attached to the URL (e.g. `https://estuary.dev/?code=123`).
:::

> If your Azure admin is signed into multiple tenants, the `common` endpoint defaults to whichever they're currently signed into, which may be the wrong one. To force a specific tenant, replace `common` with your tenant ID: `https://login.microsoftonline.com/{TENANT_ID}/oauth2/authorize?client_id=76f09062-041b-476e-9c79-1cf8d26fe213&response_type=code&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Feyrcnmuzzyriypdajwdk.supabase.co%2Ffunctions%2Fv1%2Fazure-dpc-oauth`

Reviewer: ````suggestion
If your Azure admin is signed into multiple tenants, the `common` endpoint defaults to whichever they're currently signed into, which may be the wrong one. To force a specific tenant, replace `common` in the `data-plane-controller` link with your tenant ID:
```
https://login.microsoftonline.com/{TENANT_ID}/oauth2/authorize?client_id=76f09062-041b-476e-9c79-1cf8d26fe213&response_type=code&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Feyrcnmuzzyriypdajwdk.supabase.co%2Ffunctions%2Fv1%2Fazure-dpc-oauth
```
````

Reviewer: For a long code line, my personal preference is to set it on its own line rather than embedding it in-line for neatness.

Also, since we don't spell out the `common` version of the link, users may not immediately understand when we start talking about replacing `common`. Simply referencing the data-plane-controller link in the paragraph could help connect it.

Both are minor suggestions. The PR would be fine to merge as-is.
